[Music]
did you get the key 6:13 I want two men
outside front and back Conroy Jamison go
on up to six cover both ends of the hall
your primary your secondary your point
man
you're gonna use a ram yeah why the
managers doors metal you know what I
mean they might all be a ram on a metal
door makes a lot of noise for a good it
does I got a shock lock around for my
shotgun I do the trick
fine whatever to please
it
let's take the stairs Karen Karen take
the radio stay down here in the lobby
and watch the elevator why Daniel I want
to go upstairs well you can go wait out
in the car if you want to now you see
Foley and this guy Brad coming behind us
what do you do call and tell you and you
let them come up you don't try to make
the bust yourself you understand
[Music]
is this your floor ma'am is this your
floor ma'am
oh oh yes yes it is I'm sorry
thank you yeah he advised we are
approaching the door the advise we are
going to blow the door
[Music]
yeah I thought I was going on she just
looked right at me no Karen Karen Sisco
yep
she's in lobby she's in a lot
[Music]